Fix URL.pathname ambiguous (#22335)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/url/pathname/index.md

{{ApiRef("URL API")}}

> The **`pathname`** property of the {{domxref("URL")}} interface is a string containing an initial `/` followed by the path of the URL, not including the query string or fragment. If there is no path, the **`pathname`** would be an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`pathname`** property of the {{domxref("URL")}} interface represents a location in a directory structure. It is a string constructed from a list of path segments, each of which is prefixed by a `/` character. If the URL has no path segments, the value of its `pathname` property will be the empty string.
```

> The **`pathname`** property of the {{domxref("URL")}} interface represents a location in a directory structure. It is a string constructed from a list of path segments, each of which is prefixed by a `/` character. If the URL has no path segments, the value of its `pathname` property will be the empty string.

Reviewer 2: @sideshowbarker You know much better about this than me, so I'll ask anyway.

1. I've been conditioned to decouple "URL" from "directory" (which I presume means "file directory"). Maybe this should say "in a hierarchical structure"? Or is it not a problem to interpret a URL pathname as a directory location?
2. How can I _actually_ obtain the empty string? `new URL("", "https://developer.mozilla.org").pathname` and `new URL("https://developer.mozilla.org").pathname` both give me `"/"`. An example may help.

Reviewer: > 1\. I've been conditioned to decouple "URL" from "directory" (which I presume means "file directory").

Yeah, I had hesitated to use “directory” for that very reason

> Maybe this should say "in a hierarchical structure"?

Yes, perfect

Incidentally, the spec isn’t much help here — since at https://url.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-url-path it just says states “usually identifying a location” about URL paths; that is, it says a path is a “location”.

> Or is it not a problem to interpret a URL pathname as a directory location?

It is a problem — “hierarchical” is exactly the right word for us to use instead

> 2\. How can I _actually_ obtain the empty string?

With an `http` or `https` URL, you can never have the empty string for `pathname` (as far as I understand)

> `new URL("", "https://developer.mozilla.org").pathname` and `new URL("https://developer.mozilla.org").pathname` both give me `"/"`. An example may help.

Yes, added such an example in #22361
